hey guys it's Lauren and I finally have
the sauerkraut video for you today so
I'll show you how quick and easy it is
to make your own homemade sauerkraut
okay so the first thing you'll need to
do for making your sauerkraut is get out
everything that you need and first
you'll need your cabbage so that I'm
using a green cabbage today and then we
have caraway seeds they're sort of they
look and smell kind of like cumin seeds
and then sea salt and then a quart-size
mason jar with a lid and this one I
actually have leftover brine from my
last batch which you can reuse and it's
actually helpful to reuse your leftover
liquid from your last batch because
there's already that that lactobacillus
bacteria in there and so it helps the
fermentation process go a little bit
faster in your next batch because it's
already cultivated and then the other
thing you'll need is a bowl to put this
in you want like a good wide bowl
because you're gonna have both your bins
in there massaging so you want to have a
lot of space to move around the only
other thing you'll need is a little like
piece of tape or some kind of label to
use to label the lid and we'll put the
date that you started your batch on the
lid so that you can keep track of how
long it's been sitting out or how old it
is after you've put it in the fridge so
we'll start off by taking a little piece
of cabbage off of the top because we'll
be using it later when we get everything
in our jar so I'm just gonna it doesn't
matter it doesn't have to be pretty but
you just peel off this top leave
and you can just put that to the side
okay and then we basically just want to
take the core out of our cabbage and
start shredding it up and you can either
use a food processor for this or you can
use your knife to cut this into the
shreds and I've done it both ways and
when I use the food processor I find
that it makes a lot smaller pieces and
when I do it the knife I can I can
control the size of the pieces better
and I can make it so that I get like
longer longer slices longer shreds of
the cabbage and after doing that I find
that I like the texture of the longer
shreds and so I'm gonna cut this up with
a knife and just cut it into nice thin
slices and you can cut up up into
whatever size pieces you want but the
smaller the better because that's what's
gonna give you that sauerkraut texture
and it's going to ferment faster and
it's going to help the process of giving
the water the liquid out of it so that
you have you create your brine for the
sauerkraut process so I'm gonna go ahead
and cut this up okay so we have the
cabbage all shredded up here into nice
thin slices just how I wanted them and
you'll see that this takes up pretty
much the whole bowl right now but what
we'll do next is add our caraway seeds
and our salt and we'll mix that in and
then we'll let it sit for like thirty
minutes to an hour and what will happen
is that the cabbage will begin to wilt
because both the caraway seeds and the
salt help to draw out the moisture from
the cabbage and then at that point we'll
start to massage it and that'll bring
out more of the juice more the moisture
and then we will have our brine for our
fermentation process
so we'll just do a tablespoon of the
caraway seeds and then I have two
tablespoons of sea salt ground up and
then just lightly incorporating that
trying to sort of spread it throughout
all of the cabbage and it's fine if it
doesn't reach all of it just to help the
wilting process we want it to come in
contact with as much of the cabbage as
possible and like I said the bigger the
bowl the better she'll have more room to
play with here and you could even divide
this up between two different bowls if
you wanted all right so we have let our
cabbage sit with the salt and caraway
seeds for about an hour now and you can
see it's it's gone down about a third so
we're just going to start massaging it
now so getting your hands right in there
and just basically squeezing the cabbage
and what we're trying to do here is work
out some of that liquid some of the
juice from the cabbage and wilt the
cabbage a little more and this is going
to get a lot smaller and so much
moisture will come out that will
actually be able to put this in our
quart sized jar and it will be covered
in its own liquid or its own brine so
I've been massaging this for just a few
minutes and you can see there's a good
amount of liquid that's come out already
just from a few minutes of massaging
after we let it wilt with the salt in
the caraway seeds so this is about
halfway there you can see the cabbage is
really getting wilty it almost kind of
looks a mushy and so we just want to
massage this a little bit more all right
so I've got the cabbage all massaged and
there's
quite a bit of liquid in here might be
able to see that and definitely is
covering the top of the cabbage so I'm
going to transfer it to my mason jar
which already has some of that leftover
brine in it I'm gonna start by just
spooning in some cabbage with a big
spoon and if you got a particularly
large cabbage you may need to use
another small jar which is totally fine
it doesn't really matter how many jars
it takes okay so I have my cabbage and
brine
packed in here you want to just you can
use your hand or you can get like a
pounder and just try and pack it all
down to the bottom so that the water
rises up and covers the top and then
from here you want to get that cabbage
leaf that you took off in the beginning
before you shredded your cabbage you
just want to get a piece or two big
enough to cover the top of your cabbage
inside your jar and then this actually
stays down there really good on its own
this is basically to keep any couch from
rising to the top and being exposed to
the air because that can can allow it to
grow a mold and you don't really want it
to do that you want to keep it submerged
underneath the brine and so this is
actually staying down just fine on its
own but you can also use something of
weight like you can put like large
stones on top of the cabbage leaf or
I've even used the sharp glass before
that I use for like my wheatgrass and I
just stick the shot glass in there and
then screw the cap on and it gives
enough pressure that it keeps the
cabbage leaf down there and then we'll
just screw the lid on you want to have a
good you know inch or so at the top left
of space for the air to be because air
will be coming up from the bottom as it
ferment
so you want some place for that to go so
you don't have an exploding glass jar
and so the last thing that you want to
do is label the top of the jar with some
kind of label or tape with the date that
you started this batch that you actually
screw the top on and set it on the
counter okay so we have our cabbage
packed in here and our cabbage leaf on
top and our weight on top on our lid on
tie it with the date marked on there and
now we just want to sit it out on the
counter for three to four days and
that's why we label it with the date so
that we can reference that to see when
it's time to take it off of the counter
and put it into the fridge so after
three or four days sticking it into the
fridge and then you can just leave it
there indefinitely and this stuff will
last pretty much forever because the
process of fermentation is actually a
preservative method and that was was one
of the main reasons why it was used in
in cultures originally was to preserve
vegetables so I hope you enjoyed this
video and I hope you have tons of fun
making your own homemade sauerkraut and
I would love to hear how your recipes
turn out and I will post more videos of
fermented veggies and kimchi and maybe
even some fermented beverages so until
next time thanks for watching